requirements docs improved with missing information fixed (#142)
openmediavault/openmediavault-docs: prerequisites.rst

Requisites
=============

The |omv| system is the most flexible Network Attached Storage (NAS) on the market,
this is because it relies on the operating system Debian GNU/Linux [9]_

> Any system has software requirements and hardware requirements, also minimal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any system has software and hardware requirements, also minimal
```

Author: fixed in commit be624bd8da52ad54039c7533a818c8b7073b30b2

> ones and recommended ones..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ones and recommended ones.
```

Hardware requirements
---------------------

======  ================  =========  ==========  ==================================
 Item    supported         Minimal     Best       Recommendation
======  ================  =========  ==========  ==================================
 DRIV    SSD/HDD/USB...    1 disk      2 disk     2 disks: 128Gib HDD + 500Gib SSD
 RAM     1Gib+ any          1Gib       4Gig       8Gib+ dual channel DDR4/DDR3
 NIC     WiFi/Ether/USB     any       10Mb NIC    1GiB NIC or 10Gb NICs: SFP fiber
 CPU     arm,x86,x64        32bit      64bit      Intel Dual Core, AMD Ryzen
======  ================  =========  ==========  ==================================

The storage drives (DRIV)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This is the key of the system. |omv| supports any drive hardware and any drive 
interface (SATA, ISE, SCSI, USB, SERIAL) but information and management will
depend on the disk drives supported by the Debian operating system.

> Modern hard disks drives have firmware inside that reports several attributes, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modern hard disks drives have firmware inside that reports several attributes.
```

Author: fixed in commit be624bd8da52ad54039c7533a818c8b7073b30b2

Any hard disks drives is supported but |omv| only supports SMART for those
disks that are connected to an HBA in pass-through mode.

The system manages two types of storage unit classification:

System drive storage
  The Storage Disk Drive(s) used to put the system program files (by partitions), 
  **this system drive (that is in fact a couple or more partitions) 

>   cannot officially be used for shared resources or as data drive**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cannot officially be used for shared resources or as user data drive**.
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

  What supported brands and sizes are covered in the software requirements section below.

>   The recommendation for the System drive(s) hardware could be older spinning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The recommendation for the system drive(s) hardware could be older spinning
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

  Hard Disk Drives (HDD), Disk-on-Module [3]_, CompactFlash [4]_ or thumb drives (USB),

>   the Solid State Disks (SDD [2]_) must be managed.

Reviewer: > the Solid State Disks (SDD [2]_) must be managed.

What does this mean?

Author: if you dont manage the mount point in right way .. specially for btrfs .. the SSD will only get 1 to 3 years of life.. if you buy the most cheaps specially.. ssd common mount options has a negative impact on usability and lifetime of modern SSDs which have a FTL (Flash Translation Layer 

also owners need to be certain that their SSD supports TRIM before attempting to use it. Data loss can occur otherwise! TRIM optimise data access in concurrent mode (many OVM shared resources access) when deleting performs

also from the BTRFS Wiki FAQs:

[Is Btrfs optimized for SSD?](https://btrfs.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/FAQ#Is_Btrfs_optimized_for_SSD.3F)

.. all of this because excessive overwrites wear out SSD drives faster, and in countries outside of USA there is not so common quality ones.

ALSO IMPORTANT enable encryption over SSD also means more overwrites that wear out SSD drives faster, although ext4 has a better sync on commit doing not so frecuetly.. a parameter with commit=600 up to 800 are best for

WHY? well NVME disk are up to 50Gbps and SATA up to 4Gbps (removing data usage for internal operations), those speeds are limited by the remote access to the shared resources.. BUT the problem is the concurrency access (many users accessing to resources in the same SDD).-.- so all of this is enough to explains that this redaction on my PR is pretty resumed respect a real document

Author: fixed in commit be624bd8da52ad54039c7533a818c8b7073b30b2

Data drive storage

>   The storage disk drive(s) where the data for the defined or used shares resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The storage disk drive(s) where the user data
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

>   wil be stored. **Cannot be the same of the system drive(s) and sizes will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will be stored. **Cannot be the same of the system drive(s) and sizes will
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

>   depends of the usage of the resources**. Shared resources are managed over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  depend of the usage of the stored user data**. Shared resources are managed over
```

Author: fixed in commit be624bd8da52ad54039c7533a818c8b7073b30b2

  partitions, which is discussed in the software requirements topic below.
  The recommendation for the Data drives must be Solid State Disks (SSD [2]_ disks)
  for best performance or spinning Hard Disk Drives (HDD).

The memory (RAM)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Enough RAM is vital to maintaining peak performance. There are several combinations

> of installation sizes but the **recommendation is at least 4Gib for novice administrators**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of installation sizes but the **recommendation is at least 4GiB for novice administrators**.
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

> For best practice you should have 8GiB of RAM for basic operations in default installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For best practice you should have 8GiB of RAM for basic operations in default installation,
```

and no matter the size, RAM must be configured in Dual Channel mode [8]_ 
inclusivelly if there are little amount of, it will improve performance.

Unless other NAS systems the |omv| system can run in at least 1Gib of RAM, but
of course will need expertise.

The communication card (NIC)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A NAS system as means is a network oriented system, of course |omv| is the
most flexible NAS system in the world and allows multiple ways of communication, 
this is becouse |omv| offers several modes of shared resources like RSYNC that 
do not depends on networking. But there are few key points:

> - The NAS write speed to storage is limited to the speed of your NAS computer NIC card

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The NAS write speed to storage is limited to the speed of your NAS computer NIC card.
```

> - The NAS write speed to storage is limited to the speed of your network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The NAS write speed to storage is limited to the speed of your network.
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

- Speed of writing to the storage depends on ratio of the number of users accessing it.

Full-duplex NICs are recommended, half-duplex NICs typically offer 10/100 Mbit/s
and storage drives far exceed those speeds but are of course supported by |omv|.

Any supported NIC vendor is determined by the support of the operating system
where |omv| system resides and runs, which is Debian GNU/Linux.

> 

Reviewer: You should add a note that older hardware is better supported by Debian out-of-the box. New hardware which is new to the market might not be supported by the default Linux kernel and has administrative hurdles because it requires manual driver integration.

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

The architecture (CPU)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We have already denoted in the requirements table the supported architectures or
processors (which reduces and determines which computers can be used) but this is
really a reference since it is determined by the support of the operating system
where |omv| system resides and runs, which is Debian GNU/Linux.

Any computer system supported by the common requirements of Debian operating

> system could be an |omv| system installation target. **Currently we supports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system could be an |omv| system installation target. **Currently supported are
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c  i rephrase all the paragraph

> amd64 (x66 64bits), i386 (x86 32bits), ARMv7+ARMv8 (arm64/armel/armhf)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AMD64 (x86 64bits), i386 (x86 32bits), ARMv7+ARMv8 (arm64/armel/armhf)**.
```

Author: fixed in commit be624bd8da52ad54039c7533a818c8b7073b30b2

> 

Reviewer: Add a warning that 32bit works, but with OMV6 32bit support has been stopped officially. It should work, but it is not tested nor new features take care that they might not work on 32bit systems.

Reviewer 2: also fix amd64 x64

Author: thanks .. got catch @PrplHaz4  i was in doubt about it but after a search i used x86..  fixed in commit be624bd8da52ad54039c7533a818c8b7073b30b2

Software requirements
---------------------

======  =================  ==============  ==============  =======================================
 Item    Software           Minimal         Best            Recommendation
======  =================  ==============  ==============  =======================================

>  OS      Debian Linux       oldoldstable    stable          Current stable (plus 1 month released)

Reviewer: This is incorrect. Every OMV release is tied to a specific Debian version. You can link to https://github.com/openmediavault/openmediavault-docs/blob/master/releases.rst here.

 BOOT    BIOS,UBOOT,UEFI    BIOS,mbr        BIOS,gpt        Disable Secure boot, gpt table
 SDS     HDD,SSD,USB...     2 partitions    3 partitions    Root with 120G size, 8G swap size
 DDS     HDD,SSD,USB...     1 partition     1 per share     One disk or part per shared resource

>  NET     LAN,WAN,SAN,VPN    LAN             SAN,PAN,LAN     Fiber ipv4, or at least cable LAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 NET     LAN,WAN,SAN,VPN    LAN             SAN,PAN,LAN     Fiber IPv4, or at least cable LAN
```

Supported Debian OS versions can be checked in the :doc:`releases section </releases>`

While possible to deploy in a virtual environment, depending of the nature of
virtualization it will degrade the performance access in various ways. Installation
in LXC or any other container based solution is not supported.

Whatever the situation, the |omv| assumes that target operating system does not
have any previous installation of any of the programs used by |omv| dependencies:

=============  ==============  =================  ==========================================
 software       package          related to        Observations
=============  ==============  =================  ==========================================
 http server    nginx           |webui|            port 80 must be free at installation
 http system    php             |webui|            only OS php packages wil be used!
 display GUI    lighdm,xdm..    Desktop install    **Conflicts, any will be deinstalled**
 network man    netplan.io      Networking         network is managed by |omv| with netplan
 ssh server     ssh             Remote access      any configuration will be managed

>  mbs server     samba           Shared drives      any configuration will be managed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 smb server     samba           Shared drives      any configuration will be managed
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

 quota man      quota           Quota manage       any configuration will be managed
=============  ==============  =================  ==========================================

The device boot (BOOT)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> |omv| will install on any kind of boot device and this will relies on the

Reviewer: Check this sentence please. It reads a bit bumpy / the sentence structure is wrong.

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c all the bumpy paragraphs had been rewriten and improved

operating system that is Debian. The downloable ISO image ready to use from

> the oficial web page only supports at the moment amd64 with BIOS mode boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the official web page only supports AMD64 with BIOS mode boot at the moment.
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c supported OS were linked also

> The System drive storage (SDS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system drive storage (SDS)
```

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The system storage disk will be fully managed and taken over by the |omv| after

> installed. Any brand is supported as is also supported by the Debian system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installation. Any brand is supported as is also supported by the Debian system.
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

> installed. Any brand is supported as is also supported by the Debian system.

Reviewer: > Any brand is supported as is also supported by the Debian system.

Please rephrase. The sentence structure is bumpy.

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c All the paragraphs with holes have been rewritten and improved.

> For Flash Drive type storage devices as well as solid state drives being used as

Reviewer: Spaghetti sentence. Please rephrase.

Author: Spaghetti sentence fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c, also complete rewrite the paragraph

system storage drives please refer to the last section for technical details.

> In case of the official ISO instalation, will automatically partition the system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of the official ISO installation, it will automatically partition the system
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

storage disk drive into 3 partitons. Consult the next table for.

In case of a manual installation on a previous Debian operating system, this 
**drive must have at least two partitions**. Consult the next table for.

============  ==========  ===========  =======================================
 Partition     Min size    Best size    Mandatory
============  ==========  ===========  =======================================
 ``/boot``      256Mib      500Mib      Optional, partition used to boot
 ``/``           4Gi        120Gib      Yes, the partition were system install
 ``swap``       100Mib      16Gib       Yes, the partition for virtual ram
============  ==========  ===========  =======================================

The Data drive storage (DDS)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The data storage disk will be partially managed by the |omv| after installed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data storage disk will be partially managed by the |omv| after installation,
```

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

and only in customized installation can be a partiton of the same system drive
storage.

Each data storage drive will be managed, but regardless of the partitioning
scheme, all data drive partitions will be mounted at the ``/srv/`` path.
The **data storage drive must be a different disk drive than the system disk drive**
where the operating system is installed. **One partition of each data
drive can handle one or many shared resources.**

==============  ==========  ===========  ========================================
 Partition       Min size    Best size    Mandatory
==============  ==========  ===========  ========================================

>  ``/srv/<*>``     100Mib       bigger     Yes, size as need! example 128Gib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ``/srv/<*>``     100Mib       bigger     Yes, size as needed! E.g. 128Gib
```

Author: fix with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

==============  ==========  ===========  ========================================

Technical notes
---------------

Take into **consideration that as more exquisite the customization as less supported
could be.**.

|omv| allows for minimal deployment and use of the system with very minimal
hardware/software requirements, at the cost of the key knowledge, but other NAS
systems allow ease of use at the cost of high requirements. |omv| allows both as

> well in a well balanced use cases! [7]_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
well in a well balanced use case! [7]_
```

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

About minimal or custom setups
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> It can be noted that |omv| system can be installed on just 4Gib of system partition,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be noted that |omv| systems can be installed on just 4GiB of system partition,
```

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

> with no more than 1Gib of RAM and using a WiFi or USB connection to access it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with no more than 1GiB of RAM and using a WiFi or USB connection to access it
```

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c al Gib ocurrences changed to GiB

> remotely (cos is a NAS system of course), on any small device such as Raspberry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remotely, on any small device such as Raspberry Pi
```

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c also added two examples of supported boards, only those supported by Debian not all board supports Debian.

ones which are ARM, or old i386s machines no matter is those are 32 or 64 bits, 
but of course as more exquisite the configuration more knowledge will be need
as per `issue comment #131 <https://github.com/openmediavault/openmediavault-docs/issues/131#issuecomment-2546765841>`_.

Technically OMV can be installed on a single storage disk, this is possible if
it is done on a previously configured Debian system, with a free partition apart
from the 3 necessary system partitions, previously formatted and configured.

> Of course this is only possible for skilled linux users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course this is only possible for skilled Linux users.
```

Author: fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c

Drive Storage technical details
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

System Drives are not managed as same of Data Drives. System drives are not so

> intensively used, but Data Drives will need triks to extend the useful life.

Reviewer: triks ??? Is this a typo?

Author: triks was a typo, fixed with commit c441ec7d9649da3fb60e9f23635c041b62f2a54c but treated was not!

If you use a Flash Drive, select one with static wear leveling 6, without this
the drive will have a very short lifetime. It is also recommended to install and
activate the Flash Memory plugin.

In the same Solid State Disk, or rather Drive (SSD) for x86 architectures, is
usually only recognized properly by the BIOS or UEFI, when in the BIOS/UEFI the

> feature AHCI has been activated for SATA (instead of IDE). Modern computers has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature AHCI has been activated for SATA (instead of IDE). Modern computers have that
```

> as default, so that's fine. But on old machines the default might/could be IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by default. But on old machines the default might/could be IDE.
```

About ARM based computers this are not a problem, when used SATA interfaces, but

> EMMC ones could need tune up cos are threated as Flash drives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eMMC ones could need tune up because they are threated as Flash drives.
```

Is `threated` the correct word here?

Reviewer 2: > Is `threated` the correct word here?

should be `treated`

Author: No. i search due your suggestion and seems ok: 

https://www.oed.com/search/dictionary/?scope=Entries&q=treated

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e38f39e2-e114-4539-b0a3-5aba34d4ef8c)

On SSDs, the cleaning action TRIM is recommended for the good performance in
the long run. Otherwise it might become slow after some time. Very old SSD's from
before 2010 usually don't support TRIM.

On SSDs Hibernation (suspend-to-disk) causes a huge amount of write actions,

> |omv| is a server system so xpected to stay always on or off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|omv| is a server system so it is expected to stay always on or off.
```

 Item    supported         Minimal     Best       Recommendation
======  ================  =========  ==========  ==================================
 DRIV    SSD/HDD/USB...     1,any     2,KIOXIA    2 disks: Seagate Firecuda, WD Black, IronWolf
 RAM     1GiB+ any          1GiB       4Gig       8GiB+ dual channel DDR4/DDR3
 NIC     WiFi/Ether/USB     any       10Mb NIC    1GiB NIC or 10Gb NICs: SFP fiber
 CPU     arm,x86,x64        32bit      64bit      Intel Dual Core, AMD Ryzen
======  ================  =========  ==========  ==================================

The storage drives (DRIV)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This is the key of the system. |omv| supports any drive hardware and any drive 
interface (SATA, ISE, SCSI, USB, SERIAL) but information and management will
depend on the disk drives supported by the Debian operating system.
**Supported Debian OS versions can be checked in the** :doc:`releases section </releases>`.

However, the manufacturers to consider depend on the type of disks. 
For HDDs, Seagate FireCuda disks, Western Digital Black disks, 
and for SSDs, KIOXIA or Toshiba are the best for. In case of USB or EMMC, 

> companies are reluctant to provide information, so avoid the Samsung brand.

Author: removed with commit 4ed84dc4d823e4f081b3db238bd701fdfe2d18a7 but take in consideration that SSD and HDD are still made and now there is the HHD those with helium inside for high demand storage .. in specially NAS systems.

Modern storage drives have firmware inside that reports several attributes.
Any storage drives is supported but |omv| only supports SMART for those
disks that are connected to an HBA in pass-through mode.

The system manages two types of storage unit classification:

System drive storage (SDS)
  The Storage Disk Drive(s) used to put the system program files (by partitions), 
  **this system drive (that is in fact a couple or more partitions) 

>   cannot officially be used for shared resources or as user data drive**.

Author: fixed with commit 4ed84dc4d823e4f081b3db238bd701fdfe2d18a7

>   What supported brands and sizes are covered in the software requirements section below.

Reviewer: Remove this because it has also been removed above.
```suggestion
```

Author: removed with commit 4ed84dc4d823e4f081b3db238bd701fdfe2d18a7

- The NAS write speed to storage is limited to the speed of your NAS computer NIC card.
- The NAS write speed to storage is limited to the speed of your network.
- Speed of writing to the storage depends on ratio of the number of users accessing it.

Full-duplex NICs are recommended, half-duplex NICs typically offer 10/100 Mbit/s
and storage drives far exceed those speeds but are of course supported by |omv|.

Any supported NIC vendor is determined by the support of the operating system
where |omv| system resides and runs, which is Debian GNU/Linux.

The architecture (CPU)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We have already denoted in the requirements table the supported architectures or
processors (which reduces and determines which computers can be used) but this is
really a reference since it is determined by the support of the operating system
where |omv| system resides and runs, which is Debian GNU/Linux.

Any computer system supported by the common requirements of Debian operating
system could be an |omv| system installation target. **Currently supported are
AMD64 (x86/x86-64 64bits), i386 (x86 32bits), ARMv7+ARMv8 (arm64 64bits armel/armhf 32bits)**.

> The i386 version stopped its official support in version 6 although it is still 
> being released by the project due the nature of the |omv| technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The i386 version is no longer officially supported since version 6, although it is still published by the project due to the nature of |omv| technology.
```

Author: commit with 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e

Software requirements
---------------------

======  =================  ==============  ==============  =======================================
 Item    Software           Minimal         Best            Recommendation
======  =================  ==============  ==============  =======================================

>  OS      Debian Linux       oldoldstable    stable          Current stable (plus 1 month released)

Reviewer: Debian oldoldstable (current - 2 versions) is not supported because those versions are archived and would require code adaptions of those OMV versions which are already EOL at that time; so this code adaptions will never happen.

```suggestion
 OS      Debian Linux       oldstable    stable          Current stable (plus 1 month released)
```

Author: removed "old old stable" in commit 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e  but @votdev  you are wrong:

 Debian old old stable still is suported by 2 years.. in fact debian 10 soon will be in ExLTS and debian 11 will become old oldstable soon but still supported until 2026 as old old stable

 http server    nginx           |webui|            port 80 must be free at installation
 http system    php             |webui|            only OS php packages wil be used!
 display GUI    lighdm,xdm..    Desktop install    **Conflicts, any will be deinstalled**
 network man    netplan.io      Networking         network is managed by |omv| with netplan
 ssh server     ssh             Remote access      any configuration will be managed
 smb server     samba           Shared drives      any configuration will be managed
 quota man      quota           Quota manage       any configuration will be managed
=============  ==============  =================  ==========================================

The device boot (BOOT)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The boot type and its support is determined by the Debian operating system
which supports BIOS, UEFI, PXE, UBOOT and many others, the configurations
of these depend on the installation of the operating system and once done
the |omv| can be installed without problems.

However the downloadable and ready-to-use ISO image from the official |omv| website
only supports AMD64 with BIOS mode boot at the moment. If you want to have |omv| on

> other computers with another boot type/mode you should install Debian first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other computers with another boot type/mode, then you should install Debian first
```

Author: commit this with 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e

> and then manually the |omv| can be installed without problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then :doc:`manually</installation/on_debian>` |omv|.
```

Author: comit with 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e i just merge and commit your changes as requested but the instalation page is a mess .. there is no order or path for guide to follow ! thats why i avoid linked it! i just merge and commit your changes as requested

**Supported Debian OS versions can be checked in the** :doc:`releases section </releases>`.

The system drive storage (SDS)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Any brand of storage disk will be supported as long as it is supported by
the Debian operating system version, since it is where |omv| system resides
and runs, which is Debian GNU/Linux, check it at the :doc:`releases section </releases>`.

> The system storage disk will be fully managed and taken over by the |omv| after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system storage disk will be fully managed and taken over by |omv| after
```

Author: commit with 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e

installed. In case of the official ISO installation, will automatically partition
the system storage disk drive into 3 partitons. Consult the next table for.

In case of a manual installation on a previous Debian operating system, this

> **drive must have at least two partitions**. Consult the next table for.

Reviewer: Users can install the OS on one partition, it is NOT a MUST; but it is suggested to use several partitions.
```suggestion
**drive should have at least two partitions**. Consult the next table for.
```

Author: commit misspelled with 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e

============  ==========  ===========  =======================================
 Partition     Mininmal    Best size    Mandatory
============  ==========  ===========  =======================================
 ``/boot``      256Mib      500Mib      Optional, partition used to boot
 ``/``           4Gi        120GiB      Yes, the partition were system install

>  ``swap``       100Mib      16GiB       Yes, the partition for virtual ram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ``swap``       100Mib      16GiB       Optional, the partition for virtual ram
```

Author: made swap optional with commit 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e

============  ==========  ===========  =======================================

The Data drive storage (DDS)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The data storage disk will be partially managed by the |omv| after installation,

> and only in customized installation can be a partiton of the same system drive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and only in customized installation this can be a partition of the same system drive
```

Author: spell fix with commit 70f443af661407cfca3c794da2723e26d987bf2e
